(film projector
whirring, clicking)
♪ ♪
(film projector
whirring, clicking)
♪ Edelweiss ♪
♪ Every morning ♪
♪ You greet ♪
♪ Me ♪
♪ Small and white ♪
♪ Clean and bright ♪
♪ You look happy ♪
♪ To meet ♪
♪ Me ♪
♪ Blossom of snow ♪
♪ May you bloom ♪
♪ And grow ♪
♪ Bloom and grow ♪
♪ Forever ♪
♪ Edelweiss ♪
♪ Bless my homeland ♪
♪ Forever. ♪
(door opens)
(phone rings in distance)
-(clicks heels)
-Sir.
The Die Nebenwelt test
is on schedule, sir.
You'll be traveling
with the Reichsfuhrer.
Thank you, Major.
I also have some new information
on the four guards killed
at the Wyoming-Colorado border.
This was pulled from
security camera footage.
We've identified
the female suspect.
Juliana Crain.
-Who's she with?
-His name is Wyatt Price.
He's a black market dealer.
Price was last seen by Agent
Matthews at a Denver hotel.
He was securing travel documents
into the GNR
for his female companion, sir.
Later that night,
one of our valued informants
and another agent were shot down
at that same hotel,
so we are checking all routes
in and out of the GNR.
I want them taken alive.
Make sure you increase
the security
around the Reichsfuhrer.
(clicks heels)
(phone rings)
Yes?
SECRETARY (over phone):
Reichsmarschall,
the trade minister from Japan
is on line one.
Would you like to speak
with him?
Put him through.
Ah, good morning,
Reichsmarschall.
This is Nobosuke...
SMITH: Yes, Trade Minister,
I know who you are.
I wish to discuss
our growing hostilities.
Why am I talking to you?
I was under the impression
we had an embassy
in San Francisco for that.
War is far too grave a matter
to go through
traditional channels.
I'm requesting an official
meeting between the two of us
to discuss oil embargo
and the Reich's position
on defectors,
including Mr. Wexler, who has
given us files on Die Nebenwelt.
-Die Nebenwelt?
-Yes, Reichsmarschall.
We know of its purpose
and its location in the Poconos.
Where do you propose
this meeting take place?
The Neutral Zone.
I'll get back to you,
Trade Minister.
♪ ♪
(tires screech)
(knock on door)
(door creaks)
-Liam.
-Chuck.
WYATT: (laughs)
How the fuck are you?
Good. How you been?
Fine. What about yourself?
Yeah. Come on. Get in here.
-(soft jazz music playing)
-(quiet chatter)
Hey. Long time, no see.
Hi.
Vince.
-Who's your friend?
-This is Juliana.
-Vince owns the place.
-Pleasure.
Ah. Wasn't expecting you
for a few months.
Don't suppose you're here
to settle up early.
Sure, but where'd be
the fun in that?
Then why are you here, Wyatt?
Just popping in for drinks
with friends, Vince.
Okay. (chuckles)
You staying out of trouble?
-As much as I can.
-Who are you?
-Friend of Wyatt's.
-Well, aren't we all?
Go easy there, Ledette.
You're good with a rifle,
aren't you?
Depends what I'm shooting at.
Chuck can hit a pfennig
from 200 yards.
What are you doing here?
Actually, Juliana has something
to show you all.
VINCE:
How about later?
After we eat, huh?
Come on, it's post time.
A salute.
-(sighs)
-(coughs)
Get cleaned up while
we put some food together.
Thanks, Vince.
And then you and I
are gonna talk.
You in some kind of trouble?
Nah. I can handle Vince.
You knew Chuck was a sniper.
I've seen him before.
-From your memories?
-Mm-hmm.
He's important.
We're in the right place.
FRANK:
This is just the beginning.
-We need it to spread.
-ED: You're right.
Let's do another one.
It's got to be bigger.
You know, someplace
everybody can see.
-I know just the spot.
-You do?
Yeah. We'll need
a lot more paint.
HIMMLER:
Meet with him.
Find out exactly what
they know about Die Nebenwelt,
their intentions.
Yes, of course, sir.
You leave tonight.
And while you're
in the Neutral Zone,
see if you can pick up the trail
of High Castle.
This criminal activity involving
Juliana Crain occurred not far
from his last known residence,
and he remains a priority.
Yes, Mein Fuhrer.
Um, with your permission, um,
it might be helpful
if I could delay the trip
by just one day; there's some
matters I need to attend to.
You have something more
pressing, Reichsmarschall?
No, sir.
Then good.
You'll go.
Yes, Fuhrer.
Meanwhile, John,
put your faith in the Reich.
The apartment
is beautiful, Helen.
-And these views...
-Absolutely stunning.
All of it.
I always knew John would be big,
but this is huge.
So happy for all of you.
Thank you.
Let's have a cocktail, yes?
You look great, by the way.
-Do I?
-Yeah.
We've just,
we've been through so much.
I can't believe
how much has changed.
But I-I'm happy for you.
How are the girls adjusting?
Uh, well.
They love their school.
Well, the city's
a nice distraction.
Sidecars?
Alice's favorite drink.
It's perfect.
You know, you're an inspiration
to us, Helen.
Am I?
After everything
that happened...
We saw you on television
for John's installation.
-Mm.
-LUCY: Standing strong.
Grace under pressure.
You reminded me of Eva Braun.
She had the Fuhrer's ear.
Did you know that?
-She changed Reich policy.
-When did she do that?
During the war.
She lifted the ban on
women's cosmetics and luxuries.
How about that.
I had no idea she was political.
Yes, well, the history books,
they don't mention it.
Then how do you know?
When you are married
to the Reichsmarschall,
-you hear things.
-(ice rattling)
Like Goebbels' foot.
MARY:
Is that true?
I always wondered.
Berlin does a good job of hiding
it, but I have met the man.
Who am I kidding?
They all know.
The ones at the top,
they are protected.
That's the big difference
between Berlin and New York.
You're right.
They'll always be
the Fatherland.
Hmm.
You're not drinking, Helen?
No, it's... (sighs)
a little early for me.
Cheers.
(whistling, cheering)
Run it again.
JULIANA:
The machine is built
to rip a hole
into other realities.
Okay. Say we blow
this fucker up.
What stops them
from building a new one?
That's the beauty.
I spoke to a scientist who
called the area inside the mine
an "anomaly," a place where
the barrier between worlds
is at its thinnest.
WYATT:
This thing draws so much power
that when they fire it up,
the whole area becomes unstable.
Destroy the machine,
destroy the anomaly.
We got to do our homework.
Recon this top to bottom
before we come up with our plan.
CHUCK:
I know a guy in New York.
He's in the Resistance.
-The Poconos are only
a few hours from...
-Stop.
I'm sorry.
Assuming any of this is true,
what good does saving another
world from the Nazis do us?
It's not our fight.
Ledette.
How'd you feel
when you watched that film?
Envy?
What about recognition?
'Cause, I mean, the three of us
spent the worst years
of our lives fucking dreaming
of an outcome like that one.
Killing for it.
So, go ahead,
call your man in New York.
-That was passionate.
-Yep.
You really believed
that rah-rah?
I believe in her.
And I wouldn't ask you
to sign up if I didn't.
You like her?
She's given me something
I can fight for.
Well, she's given you hope.
I haven't seen you like this
in a long time, Liam.
So, I guess I like her, too.
SMITH: I want you to convey
to the Japanese
that we accept their invitation
to a meeting on one condition:
-that we choose the location.
-Yes, sir.
Tell Matthews to secure
High Castle's farmhouse,
outside Boulder.
Prepare it for a meeting.
I'll assemble a unit, sir.
No uniforms, no identification.
We don't want anyone
to know we're there.
(clicks heels)
TURNER:
Jahr Null will be
a live TV event broadcast
across the Reich and the GNR.
Where will the Reichsfuhrer
and the Reichsmarschall be?
TURNER:
On a VIP boat in the harbor.
As close to the action
as possible.
And will Nicole Dormer
be on the boat?
-Yes.
-And where will I be?
On the boat, with me.
Will I have
an interview with her?
No, she'll be directing,
but, uh,
I'll make sure
to get you a statement.
Of course. I think I have this.
Okay, let's take five
before the production meeting.
(indistinct murmuring)
(door closes)
Don't ever do that to me again.
I had to make a lot of calls
to clean up your arrest.
I'm sorry.
Stay away from Nicole.
All right.
(door opens)
ED: Could you ever imagine us
doing this in the JPS?
FRANK:
Yeah, I know.
We should hit a different city.
You know, do the same
as we've done here.
ED: Yeah, w-we could do
Albuquerque next.
Yeah, I want to do New York,
give the Nazis
something to think about.
This is what freedom feels like.
For the first time, I feel it.
I really do.
And that's what we're fighting
for, you, me and Jules.
Yeah, tomorrow, people are
gonna wake up and see it.
(laughs)
All right, go on.
Go see Jack.
-You sure?
-Yeah, I'll be fine.
Let's meet back here.
I'll be, uh, I'll be early.
All right.
Hey, Frank.
-Are we really doing this?
-Hell yeah!
(laughs)
(fire crackling softly)
Arigatoh.
Yeah.
I am so grateful
that you would see me.
I... didn't know if you would.
When do you leave?
Tonight.
Is it safe?
I apologize.
For what?
All my life,
I have chosen a peaceful way.
I choose how to live my life.
♪ ♪
(clock ticking)
(groans softly)
(sniffles)
(inhales)
HELEN: I don't understand why
you have to leave right now.
SMITH:
I don't have any choice, Helen.
Himmler's orders.
Uh...
I managed to...
postpone the test
until I'm back.
Nurse will come here.
(sighs softly)
Thank you.
Why is this trip so important?
Things are getting
very dangerous, Helen.
There could be a war.
So I have to go and see
if I can head it off.
Or Jennifer's test will be
the least of our worries.
(soft jazz music playing)
I missed you.
I'm just happy you came back.
Get you all to myself.
Yeah. Without Childan
always sticking his nose in.
(laughs softly)
I meant to tell you,
h-he called me the other day.
Who? Robert?
What'd he say?
I couldn't understand him,
but I'm pretty sure
it had something to do with
the yakuza paying me a visit.
The yakuza? Why?
They found your stuff.
From the robbery?
Wait, why would
they be coming to you?
Tracked me down.
I mean, somebody must have
seen us together here.
I thought you'd be excited
to hear this.
It's the yakuza.
I don't think they know
the first thing about
selling antiques.
You could bring them
back to Bob.
I don't know.
Jack, I don't know if I'm ready
to go back to San Francisco.
I could come with you.
I've always wanted to walk
across the Golden Gate Bridge.
Well, you actually can't walk
across the Golden Gate Bridge,
-'cause it's off-limit
to gaijin.
-Ed.
(sighs)
All right.
Let me sleep on it.
Don't tell me you were
planning on sleeping tonight.
(phone ringing)
American Artistic Handcrafts.
Moshi moshi.
-ED: Hey, it's Ed.
-Ed.
Oh, thank heavens.
Where are you?
At the Grand Palace.
Listen, I got all your messages.
-The entire wheelbarrow-full.
-Just listen to me.
You have to get out of there.
Okay, well,
that's actually why I'm calling.
I think I may have
found our stuff.
Stuff? What? No.
(stammers) Forget the stuff.
-What are you talking about?
-Just get out of Denver.
As soon as possible,
with your friend.
Okay, well... You know,
Jack and I are talking about
heading back there together,
once we get our stuff back...
No. No, no, no.
Your other friend.
The one who can't come back
to San Francisco.
-(door bells jingle)
-Look, I got to go. Good luck.
(exhales)
Kobayashi-san,
what a delightful pleasure.
How may I help you today?
I was, uh, wondering
if you still had
that precious baseball.
The one signed
by the Murderers' Row.
Oh, sumimasen.
I no longer have that item
in my possession.
I see.
Delightful pleasure
to see you back.
Kobayashi-san.
Um, I almost forgot.
Rumor has it,
a great influx of Americana
may be moving west from the GNR.
And what is causing this influx?
The Nazis are in the midst
of purging American history.
So, if these rumors are correct,
it would be a great bonanza
for my business.
Hmm. Interesting.
(exhales)
If you are able to procure
these old American artifacts
from the Reich,
I would very much
like to view them.
Hai.
(door opens, bells jingle)
(door closes)
-Agent Matthews.
-Reichsmarschall.
-Welcome to the Zone.
-Thank you.
Property is secure, sir.
(wind chimes jingling)
♪ ♪
-Major.
-Yes, sir?
I want you to pull up records
of all the ranch
and farm properties
within the Neutral Zone borders.
-Somewhere I can call in.
-Right away, sir.
(crowd murmuring)
Hey.
Frank. (chuckles)
-That's called freedom.
-It looks amazing.
Look at the people.
They're all stopping.
So you did this?
Well, with a little help
from my friend.
Frank, this is Jack.
So, you're the guy
Ed won't shut up about.
It's funny, I was gonna say
the same thing about you.
ED:
Frank, we have to go.
Yeah, let's head to New Mexico.
I need to get
a few things first.
No, no, we have to go now.
I talked to Robert.
Childan?
Yeah. He said we have to
get out of Denver.
-Why?
-I don't know,
but it sounded urgent.
What is this?
Uh... I don't know.
What do you think?
SATO: If you ask me,
looks like vandalism.
Done by a criminal.
KIDO:
Do you not agree, Mr. Frink?
You remember me?
Baku.
-Leave him alone!
-No, no!
-Lying piece of shit!
-Don't you fucking touch him!
I will blow
your fucking head off.
Frank!
-FRANK: Tell Jules I love her!
-(car door closes)
(engine starts)
♪ ♪
Welcome, Trade Minister.
If you'll follow me, sir.
(thunder rumbling softly)
Trade Minister.
Good evening, Reichsmarschall.
Thank you for coming.
Please, sit.
I wish to extend
my deepest condolences
for the loss of your only son.
I, too, have experienced
the same.
Thank you.
Now...
On the phone,
you mentioned Dr. Wexler
and Die Nebenwelt.
Yes. This machine is powerful.
Meant to cross the thresholds
between worlds.
The Reich won't be held hostage,
Trade Minister.
Nor will we engage
in negotiations
based on ill-gotten
and half-baked intelligence.
I had hoped to discuss
these matters alone,
apart from our government.
Because we have achieved peace
together once before.
What do you mean?
Last year, you presented
a film in Berlin.
You averted war.
I provided that film
for Chief Inspector Kido.
I don't know
what you're talking about.
It is possible
to reach other worlds
without the use of technology.
The different truths
of those worlds
are of great value.
And of great personal comfort.
I received the film from my son.
This is a list
of 15 German defectors
still living
in the Pacific States.
The Empire has approved
the return of them
to the Reich.
And please,
accept this as a gesture
of recommitment
to our trade agreements.
And in return,
the Empire ask only that
you honor our oil treaties.
Thank you for meeting,
Reichsmarschall.
I will see that the Fuhrer
gets your list.
I believe our two countries
have great value
for each other...
...in peace.
♪ ♪
You feel something?
-We're close.
-(door opens)
-Come here, you fucking gink.
-(laughs)
-How you been?
-Yeah, I got you.
Jeremy, Paul.
-This is Liam, Juliana.
-Welcome.
-Thank you.
-Now come on.
It's a degree or two
warmer inside.
♪ ♪
(vehicles passing in distance)
Jesus Christ.
Is this what you saw?
Exactly.
It's a fucking fortress.
Wish I had my carbine.
WYATT:
Who are those people?
In the white.
JULIANA:
Test subjects.
They're taking them
to the machine.
I was one of them.
And what happened?
(camera clicks)
I was killed before I found out.
We're never gonna
make it by them.
Yes, we will.
We've done it before.
HARRY:
Here we are.
Uh...
Here is Mine Number Nine.
And there should be a fork
branching off
from some-some rail tracks.
Uh... yeah... Oh.
Right here. The, uh, car siding.
JULIANA:
And that's the only way in?
Well, there's old shafts
in Mine Number Two,
used to connect up
before the war.
There. See?
They were all closed off in '37.
-What for?
-Unstable.
Some sort of magnetic energy
that kept messing up my miners.
Sounds like an anomaly to me.
It's been blocked off for years.
Could be flooded, caved in.
But if it's clear,
that'll get you inside.
Mine Number Two it is.
(chuckles softly)
(phone ringing)
No peeking at my cards.
JENNIFER:
Diamonds.
Hello.
Now?
There must be some mistake.
Okay.
What?
It's the nurse. For your test.
I spoke to your father
about this.
(elevator bell dings)
Uh, hello.
I-I wasn't expecting you.
I was instructed to come today.
There must've been some mistake.
-It'll only take a few minutes.
-JENNIFER: Mom?
Oh.
Okay. Uh, honey.
Sweetheart, why don't you
go get yourself
something to snack on, okay?
NURSE:
Have a seat.
Do I have to?
Yes. It's mandatory.
It'll be over
before you know it.
Would you roll up
your sleeve, please?
It's okay.
You'll feel a slight pinch.
-Stop!
-Ma'am?
I'm sorry. You have to leave.
Right now.
We'll-we'll reschedule this.
You okay? Okay.
BARTENDER:
Here you go.
(sighs)
(chuckles)
What's this?
Well, I saw what you did,
the other night.
With the fucking Jew.
(laughs)
-That was really something, huh?
-(laughter)
-Good shot, wasn't it?
-Oh! I'll say.
Profitable, too.
HOLT: Yeah, Jews fetch most
with the SD.
Alive more than dead, but...
Are they, uh, tough to find?
No, no, no, no.
We can smell them.
(laughter)
No! Wow.
Is that so?
Wow. Then, uh, then, you fellas,
y-you should really
get your noses checked.
Huh?
Well, because you got one
sitting right in front of you.
(people screaming)
♪ You work and work
for years and years ♪
♪ You're always on the go ♪
♪ You never take a minute off ♪
♪ Too busy making dough ♪
♪ Someday, you say,
you'll have your fun... ♪
Why are we going to the beach?
It's cold.
Um, well, Mar-Mary said that
we could use her beach house
for a few days.
I-I figured that we'd take
a girls trip,
meanwhile your father is gone.
What about school?
Really?
Why didn't we pack anything?
We can get anything we need.
♪ Come on now,
you got to have fun ♪
♪ You're gonna take
that ocean trip ♪
♪ No matter come what may,
you've got... ♪
(chickens clucking)
(axe thudding)
Evan, get out your gun.
(gun clicks)
-(gunshot)
-(screaming)
-Run, Caroline!
-CAROLINE: Jesus! God!
(panting)
Go, go, go!
-(screams)
-(grunts)
(shouts)
(groaning)
(mutters)
(sobbing softly)
(groaning)
Where is he?
Where's the Man
in the High Castle?
(insects chirping)
(bird screeching)
♪ ♪
(door creaks)
(door closes)
This was once the site
of an American-Japanese
internment camp.
Manzanar.
Mm.
I was there in 1945
when the camps were liberated.
I have seen those painted
all over San Francisco
and the Neutral Zone.
I never imagined
they were yours.
You have been speaking to me
this whole time.
I've been speaking
to a lot of people.
They've started to listen.
It's beginning.
I know I am a part
of what you did.
I executed your sister.
Your niece...
and nephew.
I did what I did...
out of anger.
I, uh, I never
wanted to survive.
Never thought I'd have
to face what I'd done.
It changed me.
How?
How have you changed?
Well, I'm... I'm free.
So you are not afraid of death?
No. No, not anymore.
You?
Only a death without honor.
Honor.
Out of weakness, I let you go.
That... was my mistake.
♪ ♪
Sh'ma Yisrael
Adonai
Eloheinu
Adonai Echad.
Sh'ma Yisrael
Adonai Eloheinu
Adonai Echad.
Sh'ma Yisrael
Adonai Eloheinu
Adonai Echad.
♪ ♪